In this month's program, we'll learn how Jehovah is there for us when life feels unfair.
In a new episode of Immitate Their Faith, we'll see how Miriam accepted discipline with humility.
How did two teens promote real change when they were surrounded by injustice?
We'll see in our next installment of Reasons for Faith.
Our music video will show how Jehovah empowers us when we feel overwhelmed.
Welcome to JW Broadcasting.
Do you ever feel disadvantaged?
Do you feel that perhaps because of unfavorable circumstances over which you have no control,
you just don't have a fair chance in life?
Maybe you feel that in the race of life, others seem to be able to run freely.
But you have to run with a crutch.
In this program, we're going to talk about a very endearing aspect of Jehovah's personality,
his loving care for the disadvantaged.
We'll delve into his feelings for such ones, his respect for them, and his long history of caring for them.
We'll also consider how Jehovah's care of the lowly ones draws us closer to him
and how it can reassure you if you face disadvantages in your life.
To begin with, who are the disadvantaged?
When we speak of disadvantaged ones in this discussion, we're not talking about the inadequacies of the person,
but rather of the unfortunate circumstances in life that one must contend with,
often a person inherits the situation through no fault of his own.
Among such ones, the Bible specifically mentions widows, orphans, and foreign residents.
Notice this at Deuteronomy 24-17.
You must not pervert the judgment of the foreign resident or of the fatherless child,
and you must not seize the garment of a widow as security for a loan.
The watchtower said,
the law specifically protected those who could not protect themselves, such as orphans, widows, and foreign residents.
Psalm 1014 refers to such ones as unfortunate victims,
and the Bible also uses the term lowly ones, not because they're less important, but because of their circumstances.
Our next main question is, how does Jehovah feel about such ones?
We really see a beautiful aspect of Jehovah's personality here, his compassion and empathy in action.
Since a widow doesn't have a husband to care for her,
and orphan doesn't have parents to provide for and protect him,
and a foreigner has no advocate, Jehovah steps in and fills those roles personally.
Notice this in the wording of Psalm 68 in verse 5,
a father of the fatherless, and a protector of widows is God in his holy dwelling.
Jehovah himself assumes the responsibility left vacated.
He becomes the father. He becomes the protector.
As their protector, note how he views their care at Exodus 22, 22 through 24.
You must not afflict any widow or fatherless child.
If you afflict him at all so that he cries out to me,
I will unfailingly hear his outcry, and my anger will blaze,
and I will kill you with the sword, and your wives will become widows,
and your children will be fatherless.
Regarding this verse, the watchtower said,
notice that Jehovah did not leave it up to the human judges in Israel to enforce this law.
God himself would execute judgment upon anyone who took advantage of a defenseless child.
This is how personally, Jehovah takes the care of the lowly disadvantaged ones.
They become his responsibility. They come under his protection.
Jehovah personally makes up for any disadvantage they may have.
The fact that Jehovah takes personal responsibility for such ones is further seen in Proverbs 1917.
The one showing favor to the lowly is lending to Jehovah,
and he will repay him for what he does.
Let's walk through the process that this verse describes.
First, we assist the lowly, or we show favor to them in some way.
We help them in a practical way. We encourage them.
We make sure they get justice, or care for something else they're in need of.
Well, as discussed, Jehovah has assumed the responsibility to care for these disadvantaged ones.
So when we step in and assist, Jehovah views this as if we are giving to him,
assisting him with his responsibility.
But Jehovah doesn't view it as a gift or payment, but as a loan.
What's the difference between a gift and a loan?
A loan must be repaid.
Imagine, when we assist the disadvantaged, Jehovah actually views himself as indebted to us lowly humans.
Jehovah will repay that debt with favor and blessings.
Without a doubt, Jehovah feels strongly about the care of disadvantaged ones.
Let's consider this a little further.
Because of Jehovah's love and compassion for the disadvantaged,
he enacted laws to protect them in Israel.
In these laws, we see the depth of Jehovah's understanding and his tender care and protection of such ones.
Consider just two examples.
First, let's look at his law regarding a security for a loan.
We find this at Exodus 22, 26, and 27.
If you seize the garment of your fellow man as security for a loan,
you are to return it to him by sunset.
For it is his only covering, his clothing to cover his body, in what will he lie down to sleep.
When he cries out to me, I will certainly hear, for I am compassionate.
There's compassion in this law for any poor Israelite who might find himself in this situation.
However, note the additional stipulation made in the case of widows as stated at Deuteronomy 24-17.
You must not pervert the judgment of the foreign resident or of the fatherless child,
and you must not seize the garment of a widow as security for a loan.
In the widow's case, no Israelite was to take her garment as security at all.
Jehovah evidently wanted to eliminate any chance that she be left overnight without her garment to keep her war.
Isn't that beautiful?
Don't we see Jehovah's special love and care for disadvantaged ones and a law like this?
Here's a second example of a law made to help the lolly ones.
In this case, it was related to the sacrifices the Israelites were to make to Jehovah for the forgiveness of their sins.
We know the importance of blood in regard to sacrifices to atone ones from sin.
Leviticus 17-11 tells us that it is the blood that makes atonement.
However, note the provision made for the very poor in Israel found that Leviticus 5-11.
Now if he cannot afford two turtle doves or two young pigeons,
he must bring as his offering for his sin a tenth of an effa of fine flour for sin offering.
Regarding this, the watchtower said,
for the very poor, Jehovah chose to make an exception and allow a sin offering without blood.
In Israel, poverty denied no one the blessing of atonement or the privilege of making peace with God.
The watchtower continued,
does that mean that the flour offerings of the poor were worthless?
No. Jehovah surely valued the humble willing spirit behind such offerings.
Furthermore, the sins of the entire nation, including the poor, were covered by the blood of the animals,
offered to God on the annual day of atonement.
In this, we see Jehovah's reasonableness, his compassion, and his love for the disadvantaged.
No one was left out, and they received the same refreshment from their sacrifice as any other Israelite.
So far in our discussion, we've highlighted that Jehovah takes personal responsibility for the care of disadvantaged ones.
He steps in and fills the vacated role.
And when we assist such ones, he views it as lending to him.
Further, we see his love and compassion in the laws he enacted to protect such ones in Israel.
Here's an important question.
When you think about the special place Jehovah has in his heart for disadvantaged ones,
how does that make you feel about him?
Doesn't it draw you closer to Jehovah?
We can't help but love him for it.
Jehovah's love and care for the disadvantaged is in such stark contrast to the way such ones are often treated in the world.
Sadly, the world often steps on the disadvantaged, taking more advantage of them because they can.
Further, whom does the world praise and promote?
Isn't it typically the beautiful, the rich, the talented, the funny, the charismatic?
Whereas the common person, even more so, the disadvantaged often doesn't receive such favor.
By contrast, Jehovah is on the lookout for the lowly ones.
This brings us to our next question.
How is this reassuring for those of us who are disadvantaged in one way or another?
At the outset, we ask that question, do you feel disadvantaged?
What are your circumstances?
Maybe because of your situation, you relate to the widow, the orphan, or the foreign resident in Israel.
And while the mosaic law specifically mentioned those three, we could broaden those groups today, couldn't we?
For example, we certainly have widows in our midst today, and our hearts truly go out to these dear ones.
But couldn't we also include in this group, wives who are neglected or abused by their husbands, verbally, emotionally, or physically?
Such ones don't have the normal protection expected of a husband.
Couldn't we also include single parents, either because of the death of a mate or because of divorce or abandonment?
Along with orphans, couldn't we include children of single parents?
Children of parents addicted to alcohol or drugs?
Or children of parents suffering from severe depression or other debilitating mental illness?
These are cases that children may not be getting the normal care and training that's due to them.
And what about foreigners?
These are disadvantaged because they have no advocate, no legal recourse for protection.
Couldn't we also include in this group, ones who are minorities in the land where they live, and so are often discriminated against?
Really, we could include any who do not have the normal protection do them, or just don't have the same opportunities as others.
Any who feel disadvantaged, such as the impoverished, the disabled, those with a lack of education or training, those who, because of unfavorable circumstances in their youth, didn't get a fair chance, and the list could go on.
What makes you feel disadvantaged?
Well, all of Jehovah's loving tender care for the lowly ones who we discussed earlier applies to you.
Jehovah feels just as strongly about your situation as he did for the widow and orphan and foreign resident in Israel.
He takes personal responsibility for your care and protection.
Note what the Bible says about him at Isaiah 57-15.
For this is what the high and lofty one says, who lives forever and whose name is holy.
I reside in the high and holy place, but also with those crushed and lowly in spirit to revive the spirit of the lowly and to revive the heart of those being crushed.
Here, Jehovah says that he resides with the lowly ones.
That means that he doesn't just see your situation from afar.
He doesn't just come and go quickly.
Note this gives the sense that he sits down, he gets comfortable, and stays with you.
And for what purpose does he remain close to you?
To revive your spirit and your heart.
He has open concern for your welfare.
Have you personally experienced Jehovah's loving help in your situation?
Of course, living during the time that we do, we know that we can't expect Jehovah to shield us from every hardship that comes our way.
But have you seen him help you endure?
Have you experienced him provide for you?
Have you seen him answer a prayer at just the right time?
Have you come across a scripture or article from the publications that gave you just what you needed when you needed it?
Have you seen Jehovah's care through a thoughtful word or timely practical help from one of your brothers or sisters in the congregation?
That is Jehovah residing with you.
You are not alone.
Jehovah is reviving your heart.
He has assumed responsibility for your care.
He takes it personally.
You are important to him.
And we just love him for it, don't we?
Well, there's something else that Jehovah does to help the disadvantaged.
He gives you hope.
You will not be downtrodden forever.
Jehovah's care for the disadvantaged will be fully expressed in a new world when all disadvantages will be removed.
Psalm 145 verse 16 says,
You open your hand and satisfy the desire of every living thing.
Not just the prominent, not just the favored, but Jehovah will satisfy the desire of every living thing.
That includes you.
The watchtower said,
The fulfillment of Jehovah's promises will be so impressive that the difficulties and trials of the present time will pale into insignificance.
In the coming paradise, the blessings from Jehovah will surpass our imagination.
And we will certainly experience unprecedented happiness.
Nothing will be missing in paradise.
Nothing will be unfair.
Every person will have every advantage.
Praise be Jehovah God, the protector of the disadvantaged ones.
We hope that this discussion has reassured you.
Reminded you of Jehovah's tender care.
And given you confidence that Jehovah will always be there for you.
He will always protect you whatever your disadvantage may be.
And in the end, Jehovah has reserved a beautiful future for all those seeking refuge in him.
When Jehovah cared for the widows of the past, and today he's with his servants who experience a devastating loss.
Let's see how Jehovah has been there for court, a widower, as he deals with the pain of losing his wife.
I remember I had been able to experience many blessings from Jehovah.
I was able to go on different assignments.
Paraguay, Nigeria, Zambia.
And then we packed up all of our belongings from home.
Took up everything in our life and drove across the United States from California to Patterson.
And within a couple of months, she was diagnosed with ALS.
We were crushed.
Dropped back to California, and there we just tried to do everything we can to help her.
Nothing worked and she passed away.
And so it was extremely difficult.
She was my best friend.
I received an encouraging card from my sister just helping me to try and keep moving forward.
And one of the thoughts in there was this particular scripture in Psalm 18 verse 29.
By God's power, I can scale a wall.
And sometimes our trials feel just like that.
They feel something that you just can't get over.
And it's impossible to climb a wall and there's nothing to grab onto.
The trial may feel this way to us.
But again, the scripture says that by God's power, I can scale this wall.
So sticking with the goal of pioneering helped me to get moving and then help me to also want to try and reach out for other goals,
which is going back to do temple work at Bethel.
It's a privilege to be able to go to Bethel and every day you're working for Jehovah.
It was nice to be able to be with the friends.
They were always so very, very encouraging.
And I know that working with them and working on a Theocratic project helped them motivate me to keep moving.
To feel more positive.
It serves an elder in the congregation, so it's still trying to do my assignments.
To try and be on shepherding visits.
It's been something to keep my mind not on myself, but on trying to help others.
It's always encouraging to be out in the ministry and to be with the friends.
And they have different levels of anxieties and problems, health issues, and other things that they deal with.
When you talk to them and they encourage you, it's an interchange of encouragement to be out in the ministry with the friends.
Miriam and I always had a regular habit of personal study.
We did it together.
We left to bounce ideas off of each other and we would share points that we had dug up.
Now, even more so for myself, I feel it's important because it helps me to keep motivated, to help me to keep finding those points.
And also, it's a good memories of something that we did together that we enjoyed.
So I stick to my spiritual routine, but I also have a physical routine.
I'll mountain bike three or four times a week.
And to be in Jehovah's creation and beyond the trails, it helps me to be able to have time to pray and to meditate.
And I can talk to Jehovah and be able to express myself.
Jehovah, what he has in store for each and every one of us, is not what we're dealing with now, but it's going to be paradise conditions.
Not have the issues that we're dealing with today.
Jehovah's helped me scale the wall and help me move forward.
Court stays busy.
He gives to others and Jehovah continues to give right back to him.
You can be assured he'll do the same for you.
Maybe you've lost your mate for a different reason.
Do you contend with feelings of loneliness?
The following morning worship explains the emotional support Jehovah gives.
About 28 years after Jesus' death, the Apostle Paul provided comfort to the brothers by means of our Scripture text today.
By means of this wonderful promise when Jehovah said,
I will not forget you, your works, and your love.
Now, why would the fact that Jehovah does not forget be of comfort to the brothers?
Don't you agree that if you tell somebody that you don't forget him or what he has done can have completely different meaning depending on the person and the circumstances?
Let us therefore focus on the meaning of Jehovah does not forget.
In order to make this discussion practical, maybe talk specifically to you dear sisters who lost your husband in death or whose husband was unfaithful.
Similar to your situation, there must have been widows in Judea back then who went not only through the pain of losing their mate, but also had to deal with all the changes as well as economical and social challenges.
Therefore, you want to answer the following three questions.
How did Jehovah remember or not forget the widows' seraphas?
Then second, in what ways does Jehovah remember you dear sisters today?
And then thirdly, how can we all benefit from Jehovah's remembering?
So first of all, how did Jehovah remember the widow of the seraphas?
And I'd like to invite you to turn to first King 17.
As we know, during a drought, the Prophet Elijah was directed by God to go to the seraphas in order to be saved and kept alive through the help of a widow.
So Jehovah remembered the widow in that he took note of her.
He saw her, he knew she would be willing to help and to be used by him, Jehovah saw her potential.
Would the poor widow really help?
We read in verses 15 and 16 of first King 17.
So she, the widow, went and did as Elijah said, and she, together with him and her household, ate for many days.
The large jar of flour did not run out and the small jar of oil did not run dry according to Jehovah's word that he had spoken through Elijah.
Jehovah miraculously fed Elijah. Did he forget the widow? No. Jehovah became a saviour to the widow.
Instead of dying, the widow continued eating and drinking.
And even some time later, Jehovah did not forget the widow's faith and their words, household.
After the death of the widow's son, Elijah asked Jehovah to resurrect the son.
We read in verses 22 and 24 to 24.
And Jehovah listened to Elijah's request and the life of the child came back into him and he revived.
Elijah took the child and brought him down from the roof chamber into the house and gave him to his mother and Elijah said, see your son is alive.
And that the woman said to Elijah, now I know that you truly are a man of God and that Jehovah's word in your mouth is truth.
What a blessing for the widow. Jehovah did not forget her work and faith. What a joyous moment. Jehovah became the great comforter.
Additionally, by means of her resurrected son, Jehovah cared for her as she grew old. Jehovah became the great provider.
In Luke 4, Jesus makes a positive reference about her. So it could be that she could live out her days as a faithful servant of Jehovah.
How delighted she will be when Jehovah will remember her soon again and resurrect her.
So as we've seen in this example, Jehovah does not forget by becoming what the individual needs the most.
Now to our second Christians, our dear sisters, in what ways does Jehovah remember you today?
Let us please look at three scriptures to see what Jehovah becomes for you. Let's turn first of all to John chapter 14.
Because Jehovah knows that your maid who commanded you and who assured you in the past is not here anymore.
What helped Jesus to know that he was loved and approved?
He was strengthened by his father's approval, by his words. And now Jesus assures you in verse 21.
This is John 14, verse 21, when he says,
Whoever has my commandments on observes them is the one who loves me.
In turn, whoever loves me will be loved by my father. And I will love him and will clearly show myself to him.
So Jehovah loves you. Please do not allow Satan to create doubts in your mind.
Doubts regarding our Heavenly Father's approval.
Instead, see the commendation and the love expressed by your brothers and sisters as coming from Jehovah.
Jehovah uses them because he does not forget your works and your love.
Now the second scripture is Psalm 68.
Jehovah knows about the need you feel for security and protection.
So he is becoming your protector.
We read in verse 5 of Psalm 68,
about Jehovah, a father of the father less enter, protector of widows.
Yes, you are especially protected by our Heavenly Father.
For example, he protects you from spiritual harm.
He eclips you with what you need in order to avoid danger.
And so you are able to safeguard your friendship with him.
By means of his word and the publication, Jehovah makes his loving guidance and protection stand out to you.
Now let's turn to the third scripture, Hebrews 13.
Losing a husband goes along with anxiety regarding material things.
So what did you experience so far?
Did Jehovah's promise that is repeated by the Apostle Paul here in Hebrews 13,
at the end of verse 5, proved to be true in your circumstances?
When he promised, I will never leave you.
I will never abandon you.
Jehovah does not forget your works in your love by becoming your provider.
And please, allow other brothers and sisters to help you.
This is the way Jehovah remembers you.
Mention your needs to them so that Jehovah can use them to care for you.
So Jehovah does not forget your works, your love,
by assuring you of his approval, by becoming your protector and your provider.
And in many more ways.
Now, our final question was, how can you and how can we all benefit from Jehovah's remembering?
What we discussed so far was something you heard many times before, nothing new.
And yet, there are these moments where we just would like Jehovah to speak directly to us,
saying, I see you, I see your works, I see your love, and I will not forget you.
What can we do in these very moments?
Now, God's words need to sound down in our mind and heart so that we are influenced by it.
How can we accomplish this?
By allowing our Bible reading to affect us deep inside.
So as we meditate about what we read, we can ask us the question,
do I really believe what I just read?
Why am I sure that Bible examples are not isolated events,
but are pattern of Jehovah's dealings with these loyal ones?
Have I not seen and experienced this personally?
Don't I see very good reason to believe that through the Scriptures,
Jehovah is talking to me personally.
Meditating about these questions will help us to feel Jehovah's sentiments are meant for us personally.
And this in turn will help us to align our thinking with God's thinking.
So, the widow of Saraphat reminded us of the many different ways Jehovah remembers widows
and their love and their fine works, dear sisters.
Please continue to see Jehovah as your provider, your protector,
and the one that assures you personally of his love.
You may feel abandoned, but you're never alone.
Jehovah sees you and loves you.
Life can be hard through no fault of our own,
but sometimes it's hard because of our own mistakes.
How can we recover?
Let's see how the faithful woman, Mariam, did it.
Discipline can be painful, appreciating it for what it truly is, takes faith.
Moses.
Mariam, oh, it's so good to see you.
I've missed you.
It is time.
I'll be exalted.
Please.
Don't give up on me.
Mariam was well known in the camp of Israel.
She enjoyed a close relationship with her brothers, Moses and Aaron.
During the slavery in Egypt and the Exodus that followed,
the people had grown to respect and love her.
Zipura.
Oh, welcome back.
Aaron.
Well, perhaps at first, Mariam was pleased to have Zipura back.
How is Zipura settling in?
Well, everyone seems excited.
Don't you think?
But it seems that in time, she gave him to pride.
She might have felt threatened.
Thank you, Zipura.
Thinking that Zipura would replace her as the most prominent woman in the nation.
In any case, Mariam and Aaron engaged in negative talk.
But she's a cushite.
And when she's as white.
Yes.
But she's not one of us.
Who knows how she influences him.
At first, their talk focused on Zipura.
But it soon escalated into complaining about Moses himself.
Welcome.
The people need leadership.
And they trust us.
Mariam.
Jehovah is leading the people.
You're not listening.
Mariam, where?
We are suffering out here.
Some of question my brothers.
Something has to be done.
I just don't understand.
Family is the most tired of this.
We suffered in Egypt.
And we're suffering here.
Mariam is world.
Maybe there's a better winner ender need to注en the questions.
They just didn't understand.
Moses is still qualified to leave the nation.
Why is Jesus life surrendered to you?
Maybe Jehovah wants us to do something.
Why do we have to let things be the most important to One?
I'm sure other people feel the same.
Shed and stayed in Egypt.
They just got to leave the nation.
And when we're suffering here, there's a lot of frustrations now.
Itboat becomes more than Jesus.
Why do we listen to Moses' talk, Michael?
Maybe that's죠.
wants us to do some of the things I can't agree to.
Is it only by Moses that Jehovah is spoken?
Has he not also spoken to us?
The three of you, to the tantam meeting,
hear my words, please.
It is not that way with my servant, Moses.
Face to face, I speak to him.
And the appearance of Jehovah is what he sees.
Why, then, did you not fear to speak against my servant,
against Moses?
I beg you, my Lord, please do not hold this sin against us.
We have acted foolishly.
Please do not let her continue like someone dead.
Oh, God, please heal her.
Please.
Let her be quarantined for seven days.
Afterward, she may be brought back.
Jehovah, you are the most time.
You chose Moses to lead your people and I.
I disrespected him.
And you, please, please forgive me.
Was not defined by her mistakes.
Shall I go and call a nursing woman from the Hebrews
to miss the child's free?
It is time.
Jehovah will bless you and Aaron.
Jehovah disciplines those he loves.
Miriam accepted his discipline with faith.
She was restored to God's favor and continued
serving faithfully for decades.
Centuries afterward, Jehovah lovingly honored
Miriam for her faithful service.
Through his prophet, Micah, he reminded his people.
From the house of slavery I redeemed you.
I sent before you, Moses, Aaron, and Miriam.
Miriam humbly used the discipline to draw closer to God.
If you've made a serious mistake, don't give up on yourself.
Jehovah hasn't.
Injustice has grown out of control.
How does it make you feel when it's in front of you?
We'll learn from two young ones how they overcame inequality.
Why did the fight for equality initially appeal to you?
So Beviger has a history of legalized racism,
but just because the laws changed,
it doesn't mean that what's been in transition
to the minds and hearts of people has also changed.
I observed that people still had prejudices
and they had ideas of what I should look like,
or talk like, or where I should live.
And I didn't feel like I was accepted anywhere.
I realized that people's needs were not taking care of.
For example, their living conditions were not great.
Some had water and some didn't.
I wanted to help people.
The time came when some political parties
were saying that they could make a change.
Now, in my heart, although I wouldn't say it,
little by little, I started to support them.
Protests are so powerful.
Everything's so loud and so moving.
Different colors, cultures, boys, girls,
everybody getting together to fight for the equality of others.
I wanted to be part of making a change.
What changes did you notice in yourself?
Because of the COVID-19 pandemic,
I could no longer go out freely.
Yes, I did other things, but I also watched TV.
When I watched TV, I noticed the things I used to see
while I was preaching.
The way women and children, the elderly,
and the immigrants in this country were treated,
it made me want to do something.
My school also had a protest.
I knew that I couldn't protest as one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
So it was a bit frustrating.
And I also felt bad about not getting involved,
like I was a bystander.
I looked like I didn't care.
And I didn't want anyone to think that that was the case.
My parents noticed that I had become very focused on these things.
Sometimes I would even ask why people were treated this way.
They helped me in many ways.
They used relevant JW broadcasting episodes.
They also helped me through family worship.
The 2019 Love Never Fails Convention was my favorite convention.
The talk that stood out to me the most
spoke about how love believes all things.
If we love our brothers and sisters,
that means that we believe that they have
the best intentions towards us and towards each other.
I realized that I have to let go of negative and critical thinking.
And now I have such amazing friendships with a variety of people.
But to see the love that they have for me and for each other,
I get to show that and also receive it.
The scripture that came to mind was Jeremiah 1023,
where it says that it does not belong to man to direct a step.
Thinking about that scripture made me realize
that people will not have success.
They have never succeeded in the past and even now I see people fail.
For me to show support, either by protesting or on social media,
would be like painting a sinking ship.
This world is sinking and it won't do me any good to show support for it.
How are you conquering injustice today?
I don't feel like I'm a bystander anymore or that I'm not involved.
Instead of feeling like exhausted and there's no change,
I get to help people, giving people a hope for the future that comes from the Bible.
Now I don't focus much on news about how people are treated, the injustice.
But as a volunteer who preaches full time,
I help people to know Jehovah, know the truth,
and know what Jehovah has in store for them in the future.
During my Bible study with my dad,
he studied prophecies in the fulfillment of them.
And so I got to see that whatever Jehovah promised, he fulfilled 100%.
So whatever his promise for the future, he's also going to fulfill.
Jehovah's people have love.
They support each other in difficult times,
even though they speak different languages.
They come from different places, different countries.
It convinces me that even in the future, under the rule of God's kingdom,
everyone in the world will be showing that love.
When we see injustice, we want to help.
We're not unfeeling robots.
Like Emma and Alwanda, we use our energy to help people experience lasting comfort.
In this month's program, we've seen how to accept discipline with humility,
how to fight injustice with lasting acts of love,
and how to scale the unexpected walls of life with Jehovah's help.
And our music video beautifully sums up many of the points we've considered.
Jehovah God of all of life's cares,
I approach your throne.
So show them and tell me, get through.
I do pray of your spirit with the strength of gain.
This month's postcard comes from Canada,
where you'll find snow-capped mountains, crystal clear freshwater lakes,
and sweeping prairies.
Tourists travel from around the world to see Canada's moose,
black bears, and woodland caribou.
You'll also find one of the world's largest deposits of dinosaur fossils,
and no trips complete without trying the local foods.
You can have poutine, french fries, smothered in gravy, and cheese curds,
or sweets made with maple syrup.
Canada's unique in having the world's longest coastline,
where our Canadian brothers have a rich history of preaching.
In 1930, a motorboat named the Charmian,
equipped with a powerful speaker system,
was used to project Bible lectures across the water.
And in the 1940s, the Kingdom I carried ministers up and down the Newfoundland and Labrador coasts.
And that zealous pattern continues to this day in the fishing towns of Newfoundland,
at the lighthouses of Nova Scotia, and at the harbors of British Columbia.
Canada had an all-time high of regular pioneers and publishers in 2023.
The Casa Loma congregation in Ontario wished to send their love and greetings
to the worldwide brotherhood.
From the world headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses, this is JW Broadcasting.